1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?
Going trough to particular lines of code helps me to find the bug easer
because my attention was not distracted by lines that are the same in both
files. I like viewing differences between two files. It's really helpful.


2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
I can easily see the development of the code - it's quite easy to check your
previous business logic and correct the mistakes in the new one.


3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
I think it's better to create commits manually because otherwise you'll have a bunch
of unneeded files that probably don't make sense as logic and as syntax. Of course
there are not only benefits from manually commiting, there are downsides of this too.
I mean I sometimes work on logically different problems and forget to split them in
separate commits.


4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
I think Git allows you to commit a set of files together because if you write a site
for example, you create new html, js and css files all the time. And it is useless to
save new js file without adding it to the html file.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Using git log, I'll see all commits and if I use git diff between two commits I'll see
what exactly has been changed in the files.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break
something?
When I use version control I know that I can do anything I want and in every moment I
decide I'm making boolshits I can caheckout to the last commit without any sign of my
previous mistakes.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try using Git for crazy stuffs :D
